Recommend nrf smp svr sample (#29230)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/bootloaders_dfu/mcuboot_nsib/bootloader_quick_start.rst

Note that some samples are located in the `sdk-nrf`_ repository, while others are in `sdk-zephyr`_.
All supported samples are regularly tested to ensure reliability.

It is recommended to begin with the :ref:`nrf_smp_svr_sample` sample and use :ref:`zephyr:mcu_mgr` for interaction from a host.
This setup supports both UART and Bluetooth® LE connections.

> Supported DFU samples in `sdk-nrf`_ can be found at :ref:`dfu_samples`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the :ref:`supported DFU samples <dfu_samples>` in `sdk-nrf`_.
```

> Additionally, the :zephyr:code-sample:`smp-svr` and :zephyr:code-sample:`with_mcuboot` samples in `sdk-zephyr`_ are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, MCUboot supports the :zephyr:code-sample:`smp-svr` and :zephyr:code-sample:`with_mcuboot` samples in `sdk-zephyr`_.
```
